1. Refer the dataset "Advertising.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset "Advertising.csv" in data frame.

ii) Print first five records of dataset.

iii) print last five records from dataset.

iv) display the columns inside the dataset.

v) display last three records from dataset.

vi) display the information about the dataset and analyse the data.

vii) display types of each columns.
 
viii) check for null values in the dataset and display the sum of null values inside the column.

ix) drop a column 'radio' from a dataset and display first ten records.

x) increase the sales by 10% and add a new column "updated_sales" in dataframe.

xi) display shape of data.

xii) Find out maximum,minimum,mean,median,standard deviation value of each column.
 
xiii) describe the dataset.

2. Refer the dataset "Salaries.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset in dataframe.

ii) display first five records.

iii) display first ten records.

iv) display last five records.

v) display last ten records.

vi) display the columns inside the dataset.

vii) display shape of data.

viii) describe the dataset.

ix) display the information about the dataset and analyse the data.

x) display types of each columns.

xi) Find out maximum,minimum,mean,median,standard deviation value of each column.

xii) check for null values in the dataset and display the sum of null values inside the column.

xiii) drop all null values.

xiv) a) display records whose salary is greater than 50000.
     b) display records whose salary is less than 20000.
     c) display records whose salary is between 20000 to 50000.
     d) display records whose salary is greater than 100000.
     e) display records whose salary is less than 100000.

xv)  a) display records whose discipline is A.
     b) display records whose discipline is B.
     c) display records whose service is greater than 10.
     d) display records whose service is less than 5.

xvi) a) display records of phd and salary.
     b) display records of rank, sex and salary.
     c) display records without salary.
     d) display first 50 records with rank,service and salary.
     e) display records whose rank is Prof.
     f) display records whose rank is AssocProf.